-*- coding: utf-8 -*-


* tacit                                                                :misc:
[2020-08-01 Sat 10:52]

Something tacit is implied or understood without question. Holding
hands might be a tacit acknowledgment that a boy and girl are dating.

The adjective tacit refers to information that is understood without
needing to acknowledge it. For example, since we know that the sky is
blue, that kind of assumption is tacit. Lawyers talk about "tacit
agreements," where parties give their silent consent and raise no
objections.

You need to bring it back down to earth, there needs to be some tacit
examples and some things that people can relate to everyday life.
* arcane :misc:
[2020-08-12 Wed 12:19]

Something arcane is understood or known by only a few people. Almost
everyone knows the basics of baseball, but only an elite few possess
the arcane knowledge of its history that marks the true fan.

A near synonym is esoteric, as in "relating to remote information or
knowledge." Experts in academic fields often show off the depth of
their knowledge by mentioning some arcane and esoteric fact as if it
was common for everyone to know. The origin of arcane is Latin
arcānus, "secret, closed," from arca, "a chest, box." Arcana (singular
arcanum) are pieces of mysterious knowledge or information.

What does this arcane piece of movie history have to do with the
science of potential?
* chastised                                                            :misc:
[2020-08-12 Wed 12:24]

Chastise is a fancy word for telling someone that something they did
was really bad. If you pick your nose, your mom will probably yell at
you. If you pick your nose in front of the Queen of England, your mom
will chastise you.

Back in the Middle Ages, chastise used to also come with a beating —
that sense of the word has passed, and in fact, people tend to use
chastise when they are trying to accuse someone else of overreacting.
"You're chastising me for forgetting to feed the cat, but it's not
like the cat died!"

If they seek help on projects from other students, they are chastised
for cheating.
* impediment :misc:
[2020-08-13 Thu 13:19]

An impediment is anything that slows or blocks progress. It can refer
to a physical thing, like a fallen tree in the road, or something more
intangible, like how your short stature is an impediment to becoming a
professional basketball player.

See the pedi in there? Pedi means "feet" and hundreds of years ago,
the word impediment referred to shackling one's feet. Now its use has
broadened considerably. An impediment is something that blocks or
impedes your path. There's no end to the things in your life that can
be considered impediments: your small bank account, your terrible
childhood, your country's economic malaise — any one of these could be
considered an impediment in your quest for happiness.

But scientifically in the modern world, the biggest impediment to your
success and realizing your potential is not lack of productivity, hard
work, or intelligence; it is the way in which we pursue it.
* clinging :misc:
[2020-08-13 Thu 13:20]

To cling is to tightly grasp something or to stick closely to
something, like how wet clothes cling to the wearer.

Clinging has to do with closeness. A scared child will cling to his
parent, holding on tight. People in love cling to one another in
embraces. When you're on a roller coaster, it's best to cling to
whatever restraint you can. Similarly, things cling to each other when
they're hard to separate. Clothes fresh out of the dryer often cling
to each other. Strands of cooked spaghetti cling to each other.
Stretchy clothing like spandex clings to the bodies of the people who
wear it.

By clinging to the old formula for success we are leaving enormous
amounts of potential untapped.
* sequestering :misc:
[2020-08-13 Thu 13:21]

The word sequester describes being kept away from others. If your
sister tells you to stay out of the way so she can cook dinner for her
new boyfriend, you might sequester yourself in your room.

Legal types may be familiar with the word sequester since it’s often
used in relation to a jury for an important trial. In that case,
members of the jury are sequestered, meaning they aren't allowed to
watch the news or read articles that could influence their judgment.
However, sequester can describe anyone who is isolated or hidden away
from others, like a pop star sequestered in a hotel room, protected
from fans' mania below.

They pushed themselves harder, sequestering themselves so they could
go faster, trying to be the brightest light shining.
* muddled :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:53]

Muddled things are all mixed-up and confused. Your mind might feel
muddled when you first wake up from a long nap.

Your school's football quarterback might get muddled and throw the
ball the wrong way. Or, your muddled French teacher could make the
class feel muddled too if she accidentally starts speaking German in
class. The verb muddle, "to make confused or disordered," originally
meant "destroy the clarity of," from its literal meaning, "to bathe in
mud."

That turned out to be my last move, the final chapter of the whole
muddled saga.
* frenzy                                                               :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:54]

In a frenzy, people go into a state of hysteria. Stay away from hungry
sharks or kids at a 16th birthday party when the pizza arrives if you
don't want to get caught up in a feeding frenzy.

Frenzy is derived from the Latin word phreneticus meaning "delirious."
If you're in a frenzy, you're certainly delirious. You can be in a
frenzy because something made you mad, happy, or even just hungry —
whatever makes you so crazy you're not thinking clearly. Frenzy is
often used when talking about a group of people (or animals) who get
worked up at the same time about the same thing, like sharks near
tasty fish or teenagers near pizza.

It had produced untold numbers of cars, frozen vegetables, and miracle
shampoos, and yet Eisenhower was President, and the entire country had
been turned into a gigantic television commercial, an incessant
harangue to buy more, make more, spend more, to dance around the
dollar-tree until you dropped dead from the sheer frenzy of trying to
keep up with everyone else.
* pulpit :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:55]

If you go into a church and see a minister speaking from a high
platform, he's speaking from the pulpit.

Pulpit was originally used to refer to the platform in a church that a
preacher speaks from, but we often use it metaphorically for any kind
of preaching, whether it's religious or not. If someone is trying to
tell everyone else how to live, they're speaking from the pulpit,
whether they're preaching the embrace of root vegetables or warning us
that we will be attacked by aliens.

The rabbi had already left the pulpit by then and was running a music
publishing company.
* gutter :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:56]

A gutter is a pipe or trough along the edge of a roof that carries
rainwater away from a building. Another kind of gutter is the
indentation beside a street curb. Water flows through these gutters
too, usually into a storm drain.

The purpose of the gutters on a roof is to prevent water damage to a
structure or flooding around its foundation. If your house has no
gutters, water will run down the roof and drip from its edges. Over
time, water can harm your house by rotting wood siding or trim,
pooling beside its foundation, and seeping into your basement. A
gutter directs the flow of rainwater away from the house, often into a
drain or rain barrel.

Little by little, he sank into the gutter, the last hole at the bottom
of the world, and in the rabbi’s opinion he would never climb out
again.
* blustering                                                           :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:56]

Weather that's blustering is stormy and turbulent, like the gusts of
blustering wind that blow through a coastal town during a hurricane.

Along the east coast of the U.S., blustering storms known as
"nor'easters" or "northeasters" are fairly common. The cyclone-level
wind during such a storm can be described as blustering or blustery,
both from a Germanic root meaning "blow violently." You can also
describe people as blustering if they're talking with violent
aggressiveness, or bluster: "The blustering bully scared the smaller
kids."

Blustering forth his thanks in the highly embroidered, Dickensian
language that came so effortlessly to him, he would assure me that I
would be paid back promptly, just as soon as circumstances allowed.
* embroidered :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:56]

To embroider means to decorate with needlework. Picture your great
grandmother's pillowcases or Hester Prynne's famous scarlet letter "A"
— both of those objects are probably embroidered.

To embroider refers to a type of ornamentation or needlework, but
another usage of the word embroider means to embellish the truth. For
example, if a fisherman sitting on the dock tells you about the 38
inch striped bass he almost caught this morning, he may have found a
way to embroider the truth.

Blustering forth his thanks in the highly embroidered, Dickensian
language that came so effortlessly to him, he would assure me that I
would be paid back promptly, just as soon as circumstances allowed.
* pittance :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:57]

A pittance is a tiny payment or small reimbursement for work —
generally an amount that's inadequate. The restaurant may pay you a
pittance, but you can do well if you get a lot of good tips.

The word pittance came into English from the Old French word pitance,
meaning “allowance of food to a monk or poor person,” which in turn
came from the Latin word pietas, meaning “pity.” Although a pittance
may have originally meant that you were taking pity on someone with
less wealth by giving them money or food, these days when you get a
pittance it means that you earn a pitiful wage.

The sums in question were never more than a pittance—forty cents here,
twenty-five cents there, whatever I happened to be carrying around
with me—but Joe never flagged in his enthusiasm, never once let on
that he realized what an abject figure he was.
* abject :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:57]

If it reeks of humiliation or looks like the lowest of lows, then you
can safely describe it as abject.

The pronunciation of abject is up for debate: you can decide whether
to stress the first or the second syllable. But what's more important
is understanding how extreme this adjective is. Abject means
absolutely miserable, the most unfortunate, with utter humiliation.
You might have heard the phrase abject poverty, which is the absolute
worst, most hopeless level of poverty you've ever seen.

The sums in question were never more than a pittance—forty cents here,
twenty-five cents there, whatever I happened to be carrying around
with me—but Joe never flagged in his enthusiasm, never once let on
that he realized what an abject figure he was.
* foulest :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:59]

Foul is most commonly used as an adjective to describe a bad smell. As
a verb, foul usually means “make dirty or messy.” You might foul your
room to the point where it smells a bit foul.

In general, foul can be used as an adjective meaning "bad." Foul luck
is bad luck; a foul day is a bad day. As a verb, foul can mean "break
the rules." It’s used this way in sports, like when you commit a foul
on the basketball court. The phrase "foul play" can be used in the
context of sports or more generally, to indicate unfair or violent
behavior. Avoid confusing foul with fowl, which refers to birds,
especially chickens.

There he stood, dressed in a circus clown’s rags, his unwashed body
emitting the foulest of stinks, and still he persisted in keeping up
his pose as a man of the world, a dandy temporarily down on his luck.
* temporarily :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 12:59]

Temporarily describes something that happens for a limited amount of
time. If you agree to watch your friend's dog temporarily, you'll be
surprised if it turns out that your friend will be in France for at
least two years.

Temporarily is the adverbial form of "temporary," which comes from the
Latin word tempus, meaning time. Something done temporarily is
supposed to be concluded in a finite amount of time. If your car is
temporarily out of commission, you expect that you will be able to fix
it and get it back on the road. If you drop the word temporarily from
that sentence, your car may be a goner.

There he stood, dressed in a circus clown’s rags, his unwashed body
emitting the foulest of stinks, and still he persisted in keeping up
his pose as a man of the world, a dandy temporarily down on his luck.



* plucked :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:00]

</p>
		
		<a role="button" class="signup button green"
		href="/signup/">Get Started</a>
		
	</div> </div> </section>


<footer class="page-footer"> <nav class="sitelinks limited-width
hide-mobile clearfloat screen-only"> <div class="col2 "> <h3>For
Everyone</h3> <ul> <li><a href="/play/">Play the Challenge</a></li>
<li><a href="/lists/">Vocabulary Lists</a></li> <li><a
href="/dictionary/">Dictionary</a></li> <li><a
href="/articles/chooseyourwords/">Choose Your Words</a></li> <li><a
href="/jam/">Join a Vocabulary Jam</a></li> <li>&nbsp;</li> </ul>
</div>
			
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/educator-edition/">For
			Educators</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/">Educator
			Edition</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/pricing/">Plans &amp;
			Pricing</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/sales/">Contact
			Sales</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/success-stories/">Success
			Stories</a></li> <li><a
			href="/professional-development/">Professional
			Development</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/research/">Research</a></li>
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a href="/help/">Help</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/help/">Help Articles /
			FAQ</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/videos/">How-to Videos</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/webinars">Webinars</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/contactus">Contact
			Support</a></li> <li>&nbsp;</li> </ul> </div>
					
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/leaderboards/">Leaderboards</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/bowl/">Vocabulary
			Bowl</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/bowl/">Bowl
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/today/">Today's
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thisweek/">Weekly
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thismonth/">Monthly
			Leaders</a></li> </ul> </div>
				
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/blog/">Connect</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/blog/">Vocabulary.com Blog</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://twitter.com/VocabularyCom">Twitter</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://www.facebook.com/vocabularycom">Facebook</a></li>
			
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a href="/about/">Our
			Story</a></h3> <ul> <li><a href="/about/">Our
			Mission</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/team/">Team / Jobs</a></li>
			<li><a href="/about/news/">News &amp;
			Events</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/partnerships/">Partnerships</a></li>
			</ul> </div>

</nav> <nav class="legal limited-width clearfloat"> <a
href="/terms/">&copy; Vocabulary.com</a> <a href="/terms/"
class="screen-only">Terms of Use</a> <a href="/privacy/"
class="screen-only">Privacy Policy</a>
		
		<a href="/auth/admin" rel="nofollow" style="position:
absolute; top: 0px; left: -1000px; width:1px;height:1px"><img
src="//cdn.vocab.com/images/clear-16y9b5d.gif" ></a> </nav></footer>

<nav class="sitemap screen-only"> <div class="scrollable"> <div> <div
class="limited-width mobile-5050 pad2y"> <div class="col9"> <div
class="col9"> <div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3>For Everyone</h3> <ul>
<li><a href="/play/">Play the Challenge</a></li> <li><a
href="/lists/">Vocabulary Lists</a></li> <li><a
href="/dictionary/">Dictionary</a></li> <li><a
href="/articles/chooseyourwords/">Choose Your Words</a></li> <li><a
href="/jam/">Join a Vocabulary Jam</a></li> </ul> </div>
			
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/educator-edition/">For
			Educators</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/">Educator
			Edition</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/pricing/">Plans &amp;
			Pricing</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/sales/">Contact
			Sales</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/success-stories/">Success
			Stories</a></li> <li><a
			href="/professional-development/">Professional
			Development</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/research/">Research</a></li>
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/help/">Help</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/help/">Help Articles / FAQ</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/videos/">How-to
			Videos</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/webinars">Webinars</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/contactus">Contact
			Support</a></li> </ul> </div>

  </div> <div class="col9">
					
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/leaderboards/">Leaderboards</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/bowl/">Vocabulary
			Bowl</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/bowl/">Bowl
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/today/">Today's
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thisweek/">Weekly
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thismonth/">Monthly
			Leaders</a></li> </ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/blog/">Connect</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/blog/">Vocabulary.com Blog</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://twitter.com/VocabularyCom">Twitter</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://www.facebook.com/vocabularycom">Facebook</a></li>
			
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a href="/about/">Our
			Story</a></h3> <ul> <li><a href="/about/">Our
			Mission</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/team/">Team / Jobs</a></li>
			<li><a href="/about/news/">News &amp;
			Events</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/partnerships/">Partnerships</a></li>
			</ul> </div> </div> </div>
	
	<div class="col3 pad1x">
		
		<div class="loggedout-only clearfloat signinoptions">
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3> <a
			role="button" class="google button"
			href="/login/google">Sign in with Google</a>
			<a role="button" class="facebook button"
			href="/login/facebook">Sign in with
			Facebook</a> <p>or, <a href="/login/">sign in
			with email.</a></p> <p>Don't have an account
			yet?<br> <a href="/signup">Sign up. It's free
			and takes five seconds.</a> </p> </div> <ul
			class="account-menu loggedin-only">
			
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3>
			<li><a href="/auth/logout"><i
			class="ss-logout">Log Out</a></li> <li> <a
			href="/profiles/my"><i class="ss-user">My
			Profile</a> </li> <li
			class="perms-school-reports-only"><a
			href="/account/schools"><i class="ss-school
			ss-symbolicons-block">Schools &amp;
			Teachers</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-classes
			perms-create-class-only"><a
			href="/account/classes"><i class="ss-users">My
			Classes</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-assignments"><a
			href="/account/activities/"><i
			class="ss-attach">Assignments &amp;
			Activities</a></li> <li ><a
			href="/account/lists/"><i class="ss-list">My
			Lists</a> <ul> <li><a href="/lists/"><i
			class="ss-search">Find a List to
			Learn...</a></li> <li><a href="/lists/new"><i
			class="ss-hospital
			ss-symbolicons-block">Create a New
			List...</a></li> </ul> </li> <li><a
			href="/progress/"><i class="ss-barchart">My
			Progress</a> <ul> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/learning"><i
			class="ss-hiker ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I'm Learning</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/trouble"><i
			class="ss-bullseye ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Trouble Words</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/mastered"><i
			class="ss-check ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I've Mastered</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/achievements"><i
			class="ss-award ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Achievements</a></li> </ul> </li> <li
			class="perms-user-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/users"><i class="ss-usergroup
			ss-symbolicons-block ">User
			Administration</a></li> <li
			class="perms-auth-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/authentication"><i
			class="ss-key">User Authentication</a></li>
			<li> <a href="/account/"><i
			class="ss-settings">My Account</a> </li>
			
		</ul> </div> </div> <div class="copyright pad2y"> <div
	class="limited-width"> <span>&copy; Vocabulary.com</span> <div
	class="terms"> <a href="/terms/">Terms of Use</a> <a
	href="/privacy/">Privacy Policy</a> </div> </div> </div>
	</div></div> </nav> </div>



<script>VCOM.q.push(['auth',function(auth){ if (auth.ima=='educator')
{ Module.after('vcom/npswidget',()=>modules.vcom.npswidget.show()); }
}]);</script>


</body>

</html>


</p> <p>Don't have an account yet?<br> <a href="/signup">Sign up. It's
			free and takes five seconds.</a> </p> </div>
			<ul class="account-menu loggedin-only">
			
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3>
			<li><a href="/auth/logout"><i
			class="ss-logout">Log Out</a></li> <li> <a
			href="/profiles/my"><i class="ss-user">My
			Profile</a> </li> <li
			class="perms-school-reports-only"><a
			href="/account/schools"><i class="ss-school
			ss-symbolicons-block">Schools &amp;
			Teachers</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-classes
			perms-create-class-only"><a
			href="/account/classes"><i class="ss-users">My
			Classes</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-assignments"><a
			href="/account/activities/"><i
			class="ss-attach">Assignments &amp;
			Activities</a></li> <li ><a
			href="/account/lists/"><i class="ss-list">My
			Lists</a> <ul> <li><a href="/lists/"><i
			class="ss-search">Find a List to
			Learn...</a></li> <li><a href="/lists/new"><i
			class="ss-hospital
			ss-symbolicons-block">Create a New
			List...</a></li> </ul> </li> <li><a
			href="/progress/"><i class="ss-barchart">My
			Progress</a> <ul> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/learning"><i
			class="ss-hiker ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I'm Learning</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/trouble"><i
			class="ss-bullseye ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Trouble Words</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/mastered"><i
			class="ss-check ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I've Mastered</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/achievements"><i
			class="ss-award ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Achievements</a></li> </ul> </li> <li
			class="perms-user-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/users"><i class="ss-usergroup
			ss-symbolicons-block ">User
			Administration</a></li> <li
			class="perms-auth-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/authentication"><i
			class="ss-key">User Authentication</a></li>
			<li> <a href="/account/"><i
			class="ss-settings">My Account</a> </li>
			
		</ul> </div> </div> <div class="copyright pad2y"> <div
	class="limited-width"> <span>&copy; Vocabulary.com</span> <div
	class="terms"> <a href="/terms/">Terms of Use</a> <a
	href="/privacy/">Privacy Policy</a> </div> </div> </div>
	</div></div> </nav> </div>



<script>VCOM.q.push(['auth',function(auth){ if (auth.ima=='educator')
{ Module.after('vcom/npswidget',()=>modules.vcom.npswidget.show()); }
}]);</script>


</body>

</html>


He just plucked figures out of thin air and hoped they sounded
good.
* heaviness :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:00]

</p>
		
		<a role="button" class="signup button green"
		href="/signup/">Get Started</a>
		
	</div> </div> </section>


<footer class="page-footer"> <nav class="sitelinks limited-width
hide-mobile clearfloat screen-only"> <div class="col2 "> <h3>For
Everyone</h3> <ul> <li><a href="/play/">Play the Challenge</a></li>
<li><a href="/lists/">Vocabulary Lists</a></li> <li><a
href="/dictionary/">Dictionary</a></li> <li><a
href="/articles/chooseyourwords/">Choose Your Words</a></li> <li><a
href="/jam/">Join a Vocabulary Jam</a></li> <li>&nbsp;</li> </ul>
</div>
			
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/educator-edition/">For
			Educators</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/">Educator
			Edition</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/pricing/">Plans &amp;
			Pricing</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/sales/">Contact
			Sales</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/success-stories/">Success
			Stories</a></li> <li><a
			href="/professional-development/">Professional
			Development</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/research/">Research</a></li>
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a href="/help/">Help</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/help/">Help Articles /
			FAQ</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/videos/">How-to Videos</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/webinars">Webinars</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/contactus">Contact
			Support</a></li> <li>&nbsp;</li> </ul> </div>
					
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/leaderboards/">Leaderboards</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/bowl/">Vocabulary
			Bowl</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/bowl/">Bowl
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/today/">Today's
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thisweek/">Weekly
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thismonth/">Monthly
			Leaders</a></li> </ul> </div>
				
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/blog/">Connect</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/blog/">Vocabulary.com Blog</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://twitter.com/VocabularyCom">Twitter</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://www.facebook.com/vocabularycom">Facebook</a></li>
			
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a href="/about/">Our
			Story</a></h3> <ul> <li><a href="/about/">Our
			Mission</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/team/">Team / Jobs</a></li>
			<li><a href="/about/news/">News &amp;
			Events</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/partnerships/">Partnerships</a></li>
			</ul> </div>

</nav> <nav class="legal limited-width clearfloat"> <a
href="/terms/">&copy; Vocabulary.com</a> <a href="/terms/"
class="screen-only">Terms of Use</a> <a href="/privacy/"
class="screen-only">Privacy Policy</a>
		
		<a href="/auth/admin" rel="nofollow" style="position:
absolute; top: 0px; left: -1000px; width:1px;height:1px"><img
src="//cdn.vocab.com/images/clear-16y9b5d.gif" ></a> </nav></footer>

<nav class="sitemap screen-only"> <div class="scrollable"> <div> <div
class="limited-width mobile-5050 pad2y"> <div class="col9"> <div
class="col9"> <div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3>For Everyone</h3> <ul>
<li><a href="/play/">Play the Challenge</a></li> <li><a
href="/lists/">Vocabulary Lists</a></li> <li><a
href="/dictionary/">Dictionary</a></li> <li><a
href="/articles/chooseyourwords/">Choose Your Words</a></li> <li><a
href="/jam/">Join a Vocabulary Jam</a></li> </ul> </div>
			
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/educator-edition/">For
			Educators</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/">Educator
			Edition</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/pricing/">Plans &amp;
			Pricing</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/sales/">Contact
			Sales</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/success-stories/">Success
			Stories</a></li> <li><a
			href="/professional-development/">Professional
			Development</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/research/">Research</a></li>
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/help/">Help</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/help/">Help Articles / FAQ</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/videos/">How-to
			Videos</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/webinars">Webinars</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/contactus">Contact
			Support</a></li> </ul> </div>

  </div> <div class="col9">
					
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/leaderboards/">Leaderboards</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/bowl/">Vocabulary
			Bowl</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/bowl/">Bowl
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/today/">Today's
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thisweek/">Weekly
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thismonth/">Monthly
			Leaders</a></li> </ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/blog/">Connect</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/blog/">Vocabulary.com Blog</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://twitter.com/VocabularyCom">Twitter</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://www.facebook.com/vocabularycom">Facebook</a></li>
			
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a href="/about/">Our
			Story</a></h3> <ul> <li><a href="/about/">Our
			Mission</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/team/">Team / Jobs</a></li>
			<li><a href="/about/news/">News &amp;
			Events</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/partnerships/">Partnerships</a></li>
			</ul> </div> </div> </div>
	
	<div class="col3 pad1x">
		
		<div class="loggedout-only clearfloat signinoptions">
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3> <a
			role="button" class="google button"
			href="/login/google">Sign in with Google</a>
			<a role="button" class="facebook button"
			href="/login/facebook">Sign in with
			Facebook</a> <p>or, <a href="/login/">sign in
			with email.</a></p> <p>Don't have an account
			yet?<br> <a href="/signup">Sign up. It's free
			and takes five seconds.</a> </p> </div> <ul
			class="account-menu loggedin-only">
			
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3>
			<li><a href="/auth/logout"><i
			class="ss-logout">Log Out</a></li> <li> <a
			href="/profiles/my"><i class="ss-user">My
			Profile</a> </li> <li
			class="perms-school-reports-only"><a
			href="/account/schools"><i class="ss-school
			ss-symbolicons-block">Schools &amp;
			Teachers</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-classes
			perms-create-class-only"><a
			href="/account/classes"><i class="ss-users">My
			Classes</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-assignments"><a
			href="/account/activities/"><i
			class="ss-attach">Assignments &amp;
			Activities</a></li> <li ><a
			href="/account/lists/"><i class="ss-list">My
			Lists</a> <ul> <li><a href="/lists/"><i
			class="ss-search">Find a List to
			Learn...</a></li> <li><a href="/lists/new"><i
			class="ss-hospital
			ss-symbolicons-block">Create a New
			List...</a></li> </ul> </li> <li><a
			href="/progress/"><i class="ss-barchart">My
			Progress</a> <ul> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/learning"><i
			class="ss-hiker ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I'm Learning</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/trouble"><i
			class="ss-bullseye ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Trouble Words</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/mastered"><i
			class="ss-check ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I've Mastered</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/achievements"><i
			class="ss-award ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Achievements</a></li> </ul> </li> <li
			class="perms-user-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/users"><i class="ss-usergroup
			ss-symbolicons-block ">User
			Administration</a></li> <li
			class="perms-auth-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/authentication"><i
			class="ss-key">User Authentication</a></li>
			<li> <a href="/account/"><i
			class="ss-settings">My Account</a> </li>
			
		</ul> </div> </div> <div class="copyright pad2y"> <div
	class="limited-width"> <span>&copy; Vocabulary.com</span> <div
	class="terms"> <a href="/terms/">Terms of Use</a> <a
	href="/privacy/">Privacy Policy</a> </div> </div> </div>
	</div></div> </nav> </div>



<script>VCOM.q.push(['auth',function(auth){ if (auth.ima=='educator')
{ Module.after('vcom/npswidget',()=>modules.vcom.npswidget.show()); }
}]);</script>


</body>

</html>


</p> <p>Don't have an account yet?<br> <a href="/signup">Sign up. It's
			free and takes five seconds.</a> </p> </div>
			<ul class="account-menu loggedin-only">
			
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3>
			<li><a href="/auth/logout"><i
			class="ss-logout">Log Out</a></li> <li> <a
			href="/profiles/my"><i class="ss-user">My
			Profile</a> </li> <li
			class="perms-school-reports-only"><a
			href="/account/schools"><i class="ss-school
			ss-symbolicons-block">Schools &amp;
			Teachers</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-classes
			perms-create-class-only"><a
			href="/account/classes"><i class="ss-users">My
			Classes</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-assignments"><a
			href="/account/activities/"><i
			class="ss-attach">Assignments &amp;
			Activities</a></li> <li ><a
			href="/account/lists/"><i class="ss-list">My
			Lists</a> <ul> <li><a href="/lists/"><i
			class="ss-search">Find a List to
			Learn...</a></li> <li><a href="/lists/new"><i
			class="ss-hospital
			ss-symbolicons-block">Create a New
			List...</a></li> </ul> </li> <li><a
			href="/progress/"><i class="ss-barchart">My
			Progress</a> <ul> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/learning"><i
			class="ss-hiker ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I'm Learning</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/trouble"><i
			class="ss-bullseye ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Trouble Words</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/mastered"><i
			class="ss-check ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I've Mastered</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/achievements"><i
			class="ss-award ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Achievements</a></li> </ul> </li> <li
			class="perms-user-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/users"><i class="ss-usergroup
			ss-symbolicons-block ">User
			Administration</a></li> <li
			class="perms-auth-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/authentication"><i
			class="ss-key">User Authentication</a></li>
			<li> <a href="/account/"><i
			class="ss-settings">My Account</a> </li>
			
		</ul> </div> </div> <div class="copyright pad2y"> <div
	class="limited-width"> <span>&copy; Vocabulary.com</span> <div
	class="terms"> <a href="/terms/">Terms of Use</a> <a
	href="/privacy/">Privacy Policy</a> </div> </div> </div>
	</div></div> </nav> </div>



<script>VCOM.q.push(['auth',function(auth){ if (auth.ima=='educator')
{ Module.after('vcom/npswidget',()=>modules.vcom.npswidget.show()); }
}]);</script>


</body>

</html>


He looked more bruised to me, and
the old panache had given way to a new heaviness of spirit, a whining,
tearful sort of despair.
* whining :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:00]

When you whine, you complain in a pitiful, annoying way. Your younger
sister will whine if your piece of cake is bigger than hers.

Whine is both a noun and a verb. The verb means "to complain
bitterly." Kids tend to cry or even yell when they whine, though most
adults settle for constant griping and an unwillingness to let it go
already. "Poor me" and "It isn't fair" — these are common whines.
Whine can describe a high-pitched, screeching noise, like the squeak
made by an old, broken machine.

He looked more bruised to me, and
the old panache had given way to a new heaviness of spirit, a whining,
tearful sort of despair.
* buoyant :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:01]

Something that is buoyant floats in water. Since floating is happier
than sinking, buoyant also refers to things are fun and upbeat.

Someone with a buoyant personality is fun to be around, laughs a lot,
smiles, and cheers other people up. Buoyant people are lively and
lighthearted — the opposite of sad, depressed, and bummed out. Buoyant
people are also called bubbly and cheerful, and it should help to
remember that buoyant objects float — just like a buoyant person can
seem like they're floating too (as in the expression "floating on
air").

Without wasting a second, and without the
slightest trace of disappointment or regret, he dismissed my answer with a
shrug of the shoulders and said, in a buoyant, ringing tone of voice, “Well,
you asked me—and I told you.”
* hangdog :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:02]

A hangdog look is one that betrays a feeling of shame, embarrassment,
or fear. Your hangdog expression after sneaking a whoopee cushion onto
your teacher's chair is a dead giveaway that you're guilty.

Use the adjective hangdog to describe someone's cowering appearance or
the sheepish look on her face. You might have a hangdog look if you're
afraid of getting in trouble, or if you regret your actions. The
now-obsolete root noun hang-dog was used in the 17th century to mean
"a despicable, low person," or someone who's "only fit to hang a dog,"
or sometimes "only fit to be hung (like a dog)."

He was
looking much better, and the hangdog look had disappeared from his face.
* effusive :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:02]

Getting a compliment from your effusive Aunt Sally can be a little
embarrassing. Since she's so effusive, Aunt Sally holds nothing back,
gushing with enthusiasm.

The adjective effusive means "extravagantly demonstrative," and if you
know someone who expresses positive emotions in a heartfelt, bubbly
way, you understand just what the word means. The word effusive has a
surprisingly similar definition in geology; it describes a particular
kind of volcanic eruption, one in which lava bubbles up out of the
volcano and flows around it.

When I told him I was about to move to Paris, he was off and running again,
as effusive and full of himself as ever.
* inconceivable :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:03]

If something is inconceivable, it doesn’t seem possible, it’s hard to
imagine, or it can’t be true. It might seem inconceivable that a
society would choose to pay bankers more than teachers, but it’s true.

When an idea or event is inconceivable, it's so outlandish, amazing,
or horrible that it’s hard to believe. The horrible acts committed by
the Nazis during the Holocaust are inconceivable on many levels, yet
we know they occurred. Some things are inconceivable because they
really wouldn't happen — for example, it's inconceivable that you
would actually eat your hat.

For better or worse, by the time I returned
to New York in July 1974, the idea of not writing was inconceivable to me.
* allies :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:03]

In war, allies are friends — specifically, friendly nations — you can
trust. Allies are on your side.

The main meaning of this word comes from war. Without allies, a
country is going to be all alone in a war. Like many other words of
war, this term spread beyond the battlefield. A politician trying to
pass a law is going to need allies, probably in both political
parties. Any time there's a disagreement or conflict, it helps to have
allies: if you don't, you're all alone.

I was lucky enough to have some allies, and at one time or
another they all moved small mountains on my behalf.
* ebb :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:03]

When something ebbs, it is declining, falling, or flowing away. The
best time to look for sea creatures in tidal pools is when the tide is
on the ebb — meaning it has receded from the shore.

Ebb is often used in the phrase, "ebb and flow," referring to the
cyclical changing of the tides from low to high and back to low again.
This sense of cyclical change can also be applied to other things. If
you want to make money investing, you have to weather the ebb and flow
of the stock market.

One summer, when my money was at low ebb again, she
finagled a position for me as the nighttime switchboard operator at the
Times office.
* finagled :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:04]

When you finagle, you get out of something using devious methods, like
when you pretend you're sick to avoid taking a pop quiz.

Finagle is a word with a usually negative connotation, as it means to
get something by being dishonest or tricking someone. To get a student
discount from a bookstore by pretending you're a student is to finagle
the store clerk. Finagle might also mean to get your way by being
clever, as when you convince your sister that what she really wants
for her birthday is that video game you've been dreaming of for
months.

One summer, when my money was at low ebb again, she
finagled a position for me as the nighttime switchboard operator at the
Times office.
* hell :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:04]

Hell is a terrible state or place of pain, suffering, and misery. If
you're religious, you might believe in hell as a place where bad
people go after they die.

Even if you don't subscribe to a religion that includes a concept of
eternal hell for evil or blasphemous people, you might use the word to
describe a terrible place or situation. Someone who's suffered an
agonizing ordeal might say, "I've been through hell." The phrase "when
hell freezes over" basically means "never," since hell is famous for
its reputation as burning with infinite fire.

“Go where you have to go, do what
you have to do, but stick with the story, come hell or high water.”
* profusely :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:05]

Profusely is another way of saying "excessively." If you sweat
profusely whenever your crush walks into a room, you might reconsider
your ban on deodorant before asking him out.

Profuse is an adjective meaning, basically, "a lot." Add the -ly and
there's the adverb profusely, used to describe something that's giving
off a lot — of blood, sweat, and tears for example. You might bleed
profusely after you cut your thumb and cry profusely when your sweetie
doesn't even offer you a Band-Aid. Other words with similar meanings
include abundantly, extravagantly, lavishly, and richly. The French
author Francois de la Rochefoucauld said, “Nothing is given so
profusely as advice.”

She
thanked me profusely for the advice and then hung up.
* botched :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:05]

</p>
		
		<a role="button" class="signup button green"
		href="/signup/">Get Started</a>
		
	</div> </div> </section>


<footer class="page-footer"> <nav class="sitelinks limited-width
hide-mobile clearfloat screen-only"> <div class="col2 "> <h3>For
Everyone</h3> <ul> <li><a href="/play/">Play the Challenge</a></li>
<li><a href="/lists/">Vocabulary Lists</a></li> <li><a
href="/dictionary/">Dictionary</a></li> <li><a
href="/articles/chooseyourwords/">Choose Your Words</a></li> <li><a
href="/jam/">Join a Vocabulary Jam</a></li> <li>&nbsp;</li> </ul>
</div>
			
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/educator-edition/">For
			Educators</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/">Educator
			Edition</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/pricing/">Plans &amp;
			Pricing</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/sales/">Contact
			Sales</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/success-stories/">Success
			Stories</a></li> <li><a
			href="/professional-development/">Professional
			Development</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/research/">Research</a></li>
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a href="/help/">Help</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/help/">Help Articles /
			FAQ</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/videos/">How-to Videos</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/webinars">Webinars</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/contactus">Contact
			Support</a></li> <li>&nbsp;</li> </ul> </div>
					
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/leaderboards/">Leaderboards</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/bowl/">Vocabulary
			Bowl</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/bowl/">Bowl
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/today/">Today's
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thisweek/">Weekly
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thismonth/">Monthly
			Leaders</a></li> </ul> </div>
				
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a
			href="/blog/">Connect</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/blog/">Vocabulary.com Blog</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://twitter.com/VocabularyCom">Twitter</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://www.facebook.com/vocabularycom">Facebook</a></li>
			
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col2 "> <h3><a href="/about/">Our
			Story</a></h3> <ul> <li><a href="/about/">Our
			Mission</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/team/">Team / Jobs</a></li>
			<li><a href="/about/news/">News &amp;
			Events</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/partnerships/">Partnerships</a></li>
			</ul> </div>

</nav> <nav class="legal limited-width clearfloat"> <a
href="/terms/">&copy; Vocabulary.com</a> <a href="/terms/"
class="screen-only">Terms of Use</a> <a href="/privacy/"
class="screen-only">Privacy Policy</a>
		
		<a href="/auth/admin" rel="nofollow" style="position:
absolute; top: 0px; left: -1000px; width:1px;height:1px"><img
src="//cdn.vocab.com/images/clear-16y9b5d.gif" ></a> </nav></footer>

<nav class="sitemap screen-only"> <div class="scrollable"> <div> <div
class="limited-width mobile-5050 pad2y"> <div class="col9"> <div
class="col9"> <div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3>For Everyone</h3> <ul>
<li><a href="/play/">Play the Challenge</a></li> <li><a
href="/lists/">Vocabulary Lists</a></li> <li><a
href="/dictionary/">Dictionary</a></li> <li><a
href="/articles/chooseyourwords/">Choose Your Words</a></li> <li><a
href="/jam/">Join a Vocabulary Jam</a></li> </ul> </div>
			
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/educator-edition/">For
			Educators</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/">Educator
			Edition</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/pricing/">Plans &amp;
			Pricing</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/sales/">Contact
			Sales</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/success-stories/">Success
			Stories</a></li> <li><a
			href="/professional-development/">Professional
			Development</a></li> <li><a
			href="/educator-edition/research/">Research</a></li>
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/help/">Help</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/help/">Help Articles / FAQ</a></li>
			<li><a href="/help/videos/">How-to
			Videos</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/webinars">Webinars</a></li> <li><a
			href="/help/contactus">Contact
			Support</a></li> </ul> </div>

  </div> <div class="col9">
					
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/leaderboards/">Leaderboards</a></h3>
			<ul> <li><a href="/bowl/">Vocabulary
			Bowl</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/bowl/">Bowl
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/today/">Today's
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thisweek/">Weekly
			Leaders</a></li> <li><a
			href="/leaderboards/thismonth/">Monthly
			Leaders</a></li> </ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a
			href="/blog/">Connect</a></h3> <ul> <li><a
			href="/blog/">Vocabulary.com Blog</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://twitter.com/VocabularyCom">Twitter</a></li>
			<li><a
			href="https://www.facebook.com/vocabularycom">Facebook</a></li>
			
			</ul> </div>
		
		<div class="col4 pad1x"> <h3><a href="/about/">Our
			Story</a></h3> <ul> <li><a href="/about/">Our
			Mission</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/team/">Team / Jobs</a></li>
			<li><a href="/about/news/">News &amp;
			Events</a></li> <li><a
			href="/about/partnerships/">Partnerships</a></li>
			</ul> </div> </div> </div>
	
	<div class="col3 pad1x">
		
		<div class="loggedout-only clearfloat signinoptions">
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3> <a
			role="button" class="google button"
			href="/login/google">Sign in with Google</a>
			<a role="button" class="facebook button"
			href="/login/facebook">Sign in with
			Facebook</a> <p>or, <a href="/login/">sign in
			with email.</a></p> <p>Don't have an account
			yet?<br> <a href="/signup">Sign up. It's free
			and takes five seconds.</a> </p> </div> <ul
			class="account-menu loggedin-only">
			
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3>
			<li><a href="/auth/logout"><i
			class="ss-logout">Log Out</a></li> <li> <a
			href="/profiles/my"><i class="ss-user">My
			Profile</a> </li> <li
			class="perms-school-reports-only"><a
			href="/account/schools"><i class="ss-school
			ss-symbolicons-block">Schools &amp;
			Teachers</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-classes
			perms-create-class-only"><a
			href="/account/classes"><i class="ss-users">My
			Classes</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-assignments"><a
			href="/account/activities/"><i
			class="ss-attach">Assignments &amp;
			Activities</a></li> <li ><a
			href="/account/lists/"><i class="ss-list">My
			Lists</a> <ul> <li><a href="/lists/"><i
			class="ss-search">Find a List to
			Learn...</a></li> <li><a href="/lists/new"><i
			class="ss-hospital
			ss-symbolicons-block">Create a New
			List...</a></li> </ul> </li> <li><a
			href="/progress/"><i class="ss-barchart">My
			Progress</a> <ul> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/learning"><i
			class="ss-hiker ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I'm Learning</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/trouble"><i
			class="ss-bullseye ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Trouble Words</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/mastered"><i
			class="ss-check ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I've Mastered</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/achievements"><i
			class="ss-award ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Achievements</a></li> </ul> </li> <li
			class="perms-user-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/users"><i class="ss-usergroup
			ss-symbolicons-block ">User
			Administration</a></li> <li
			class="perms-auth-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/authentication"><i
			class="ss-key">User Authentication</a></li>
			<li> <a href="/account/"><i
			class="ss-settings">My Account</a> </li>
			
		</ul> </div> </div> <div class="copyright pad2y"> <div
	class="limited-width"> <span>&copy; Vocabulary.com</span> <div
	class="terms"> <a href="/terms/">Terms of Use</a> <a
	href="/privacy/">Privacy Policy</a> </div> </div> </div>
	</div></div> </nav> </div>



<script>VCOM.q.push(['auth',function(auth){ if (auth.ima=='educator')
{ Module.after('vcom/npswidget',()=>modules.vcom.npswidget.show()); }
}]);</script>


</body>

</html>


</p> <p>Don't have an account yet?<br> <a href="/signup">Sign up. It's
			free and takes five seconds.</a> </p> </div>
			<ul class="account-menu loggedin-only">
			
			<h3><a href="/account/">My Account</a></h3>
			<li><a href="/auth/logout"><i
			class="ss-logout">Log Out</a></li> <li> <a
			href="/profiles/my"><i class="ss-user">My
			Profile</a> </li> <li
			class="perms-school-reports-only"><a
			href="/account/schools"><i class="ss-school
			ss-symbolicons-block">Schools &amp;
			Teachers</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-classes
			perms-create-class-only"><a
			href="/account/classes"><i class="ss-users">My
			Classes</a></li>
			
			<li class="nav-assignments"><a
			href="/account/activities/"><i
			class="ss-attach">Assignments &amp;
			Activities</a></li> <li ><a
			href="/account/lists/"><i class="ss-list">My
			Lists</a> <ul> <li><a href="/lists/"><i
			class="ss-search">Find a List to
			Learn...</a></li> <li><a href="/lists/new"><i
			class="ss-hospital
			ss-symbolicons-block">Create a New
			List...</a></li> </ul> </li> <li><a
			href="/progress/"><i class="ss-barchart">My
			Progress</a> <ul> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/learning"><i
			class="ss-hiker ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I'm Learning</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/trouble"><i
			class="ss-bullseye ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Trouble Words</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/words/mastered"><i
			class="ss-check ss-symbolicons-block">Words
			I've Mastered</a></li> <li><a
			href="/account/progress/achievements"><i
			class="ss-award ss-symbolicons-block">My
			Achievements</a></li> </ul> </li> <li
			class="perms-user-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/users"><i class="ss-usergroup
			ss-symbolicons-block ">User
			Administration</a></li> <li
			class="perms-auth-admin-only"><a
			href="/account/authentication"><i
			class="ss-key">User Authentication</a></li>
			<li> <a href="/account/"><i
			class="ss-settings">My Account</a> </li>
			
		</ul> </div> </div> <div class="copyright pad2y"> <div
	class="limited-width"> <span>&copy; Vocabulary.com</span> <div
	class="terms"> <a href="/terms/">Terms of Use</a> <a
	href="/privacy/">Privacy Policy</a> </div> </div> </div>
	</div></div> </nav> </div>



<script>VCOM.q.push(['auth',function(auth){ if (auth.ima=='educator')
{ Module.after('vcom/npswidget',()=>modules.vcom.npswidget.show()); }
}]);</script>


</body>

</html>


Some jobs started out as one thing and ended up as another, like a botched
stew you can’t stop tinkering with.
* pursuit :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:09]

A pursuit is a chase or a quest for something. When a guard runs after
an escaping jewel thief, she's in pursuit — while the thief may have
stolen the jewels because he was in pursuit of wealth.

Whether it's a police officer in a car chase or a student working
towards a college degree at a university in the tropics, both can be
considered in “hot pursuit.”  Derived from the Anglo-French purseute,
pursuit means the act of pursuing or striving towards goals. In the
late 14th century it implied persecution, but things have changed
since then.

The only accomplishment I felt proud of was the French poetry I
had translated, but that was a secondary pursuit and not even close to what
I had in mind.
* sequestering :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:14]

The word sequester describes being kept away from others. If your
sister tells you to stay out of the way so she can cook dinner for her
new boyfriend, you might sequester yourself in your room.

Legal types may be familiar with the word sequester since it’s often
used in relation to a jury for an important trial. In that case,
members of the jury are sequestered, meaning they aren't allowed to
watch the news or read articles that could influence their judgment.
However, sequester can describe anyone who is isolated or hidden away
from others, like a pop star sequestered in a hotel room, protected
from fans' mania below.

So why do people in the midst of stress at work retreat into their offices, sequestering themselves from colleagues in order to get their work done?
* copious :misc:
[2020-08-17 Mon 13:16]

If you have a copious amount of something, you have a lot of it. If
you take copious notes, you'll do well when it comes time for review
sessions — unless you can't read your own handwriting.

Copious comes from the Latin copia, meaning "abundance." You can use
copious for something quantitative, like your copious admirers, or for
something qualitative, like the copious gratitude you feel for your
admirers. You will often see the word amounts following copious since
the adjective is often used to modify a measurement of something —
like copious amounts of wine or copious amounts of hair gel.

Why do
college students respond to pressure and stress by withdrawing from friends, fleeing to a secluded corner of the library, or consuming copious amounts of
caffeine, Adderall, and antidepressants?
